Set up documentation (#40)
Jutho/VectorInterface.jl: docs/src/man/motivation.md

The interfaces for **containers** (`AbstractArray`) and **iterators** are well defined, but they have become conflated with a hypothetical vector interface.

## Existing approaches in the ecosystem

Different ecosystems have responded to this gap in different ways:

- Many Krylov and optimization packages restrict their applicability to `(Abstract)Array{T<:Number}` or even simply `Vector{T<:Number}`, much like their Fortran and C analogues.
- The DifferentialEquations.jl ecosystem also restricts to `AbstractArray`, with helpers such as `RecursiveArrayTools.jl` and `ArrayInterface.jl` to accommodate more complex use cases.
- The automatic-differentiation ecosystem (Zygote.jl and ChainRules.jl) uses custom `Tangent` types for which the necessary operations are defined, relying on internal machinery to destructure custom types.

Forcing everything to be a subtype of `AbstractArray` is an unsatisfactory solution.
Some vector-like objects are not naturally represented with respect to a basis, have no notion of indexing, and may not even be finite-dimensional.

> The `AbstractArray` (container) interface is — and should be — distinct from a vector-space interface.

Reviewer: Ok, this review has now reached nitpicking level: I don't know if markdown should use LLM's long hyphens or do something like `---` as in LaTeX.

Ok, I just looked it up, the Unicode glyph is ok. This however lead me to the funny discovery of the Smartypants tool: https://daringfireball.net/projects/smartypants/ 

I also tend to have no spaces for the inner sentence between the long dashes, but there is a plethora of styles around (en dashes vs em dashes, with or without spaces).

## How `VectorInterface.jl` addresses this

`VectorInterface.jl` avoids a design centered around types, and instead provides a small set of methods that together constitute a minimal vector-space interface.
This way, any object can be made to work with this interface without conflating the notion of a container or iteration, and without the requirement for wrapper types to bypass the single supertype restriction in Julia.

> The interface is designed to be standalone and offers several features out of the box, such as recursive behavior for nested containers, as well as mutating and non-mutating functionality.

Reviewer: Not sure if this is a standard term, as these containers are not really part of the `Base` module, but just of the language (and if anything, probably the `Core` module.

```suggestion
The interface is designed to be standalone and offers several features out of the box, such as recursive behavior for nested `Base` containers, as well as mutating and non-mutating functionality.
```

    `v + w` and `v * α` work, but for efficiency we often want in-place operations.
    For `AbstractArray`, this requires `using LinearAlgebra`, which pulls in a lot of additional functionality.
    Within `LinearAlgebra`, scaling is done via `rmul!(v, α)` / `lmul!(α, v)` / `mul!(w, v, α)` — an interface conflated with matrix multiplication, although scaling a vector and multiplying by a matrix are conceptually very different operations.
    For in-place addition, the only options are the cryptic `axpy!` / `axpby!`, whose argument order (the modified vector is last) is not Julian.

2.  **`eltype` is overloaded between vectors and iterators.**
    For an instance `v` of `AbstractArray{T<:Number}`, the scalar type is `T = eltype(v)`.
    But `eltype` is also part of the iteration interface, so types whose iteration behaviour differs from their vector-like behaviour cannot consistently overload `eltype`.
    A simple example from `Base` is a nested array: the type `Vector{Vector{T<:Number}}` still represents vectors with scalar type `T`, but `eltype` reports `Vector{T}`.

3.  **`zero` and `fill!` don't compose well.**

>     `zero(v)` is fine in principle — it returns the additive neutral element — but the default implementation fails on e.g. nested arrays.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `zero(v)` is fine in principle — it returns the additive neutral element — but the default implementation might fail on more complicated data structures (it used to fail nested arrays in older Julia versions).
```

    The most general workaround is to scale by zero with `rmul!`, when available.

4.  **`similar` is array-specific.**
    Constructing an equivalent vector with a modified scalar type is done via `similar(v, T′)` for `AbstractArray`s, but again this fails for nested arrays and is array-shaped in spirit.

5.  **`length` is overloaded.**
    For `v::AbstractArray{T<:Number}`, the vector-space dimension is `length(v)`, but `length` is also part of the iteration interface.
    New types may face an `eltype`-style incompatibility.
    For structured arrays, `length(v)` may not even reflect the vector-space dimension — for `UpperTriangular{T<:Number}`, the natural dimension is `n*(n+1)/2`, not `n*n`.

6.  **`dot` is too permissive and `norm` lives in `LinearAlgebra`.**
    Inner products and norms are `LinearAlgebra.dot` and `LinearAlgebra.norm`.
    Unlike some of the previous issues, these natively support nested arrays.
    But `dot` happily computes an inner product between things which are probably not vectors from the same vector space, e.g. `dot((1, 2, [3, 4]), [[1], (2,), (3, 4)])`.

>     In particular `dot` and `norm` accept tuples, even though tuples do not behave as vectors with respect to `+`, `*`, or `zero`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6.  Inner products and norms can be computed with `LinearAlgebra.dot` and `LinearAlgebra.norm`, thus requiring to load in all of `LinearAlgebra`.
    Unlike some of the previous issues, these methods natively support nested arrays, but `dot` is arguably too permissive.
    For example, `dot` happily computes an inner product between things which are probably not vectors from the same vector space, e.g. `dot((1, 2, [3, 4]), [[1], (2,), (3, 4)])`.
    It is also quite inconsistent that `dot` and `norm` accept tuple arguments, even though tuples do not behave as vectors with respect to `+`, `*`, or `zero`.
```

Reviewer: Also:

```julia-repl
julia> inner((1, 2, [3, 4]), [[1], (2,), (3, 4)])
┌ Warning: The function `inner` is not implemented for (values of) type `Tuple{Tuple{Int64, Int64, Vector{Int64}}, Vector{Any}}`;
│ this fallback will disappear in future versions of VectorInterface.jl
└ @ VectorInterface ~/.julia/packages/VectorInterface/J6qCR/src/fallbacks.jl:196
30
```

Do we want to get rid of the fallbacks, or will this be massively breaking?
(That's anyway a topic for another PR, but I wanted to mention it already).

Author: I don't think for us this will be breaking, so I would be okay with getting rid of the fallbacks. In that case, it might even be reasonable to simply release this as a v1, since I think this has been stable for a while now?

- The automatic-differentiation ecosystem (Zygote.jl and ChainRules.jl) uses custom `Tangent` types for which the necessary operations are defined, relying on internal machinery to destructure custom types.

Forcing everything to be a subtype of `AbstractArray` is an unsatisfactory solution.
Some vector-like objects are not naturally represented with respect to a basis, have no notion of indexing, and may not even be finite-dimensional.
The `AbstractArray` (container) interface is — and should be — distinct from a vector-space interface.

## How `VectorInterface.jl` addresses this

`VectorInterface.jl` provides a small set of methods that together constitute a minimal vector-space interface.
The design goals are:

- **Compatibility with `LinearAlgebra`:** no name clashes, no type piracy.
- **Separation of concerns:** the vector interface is independent of the container, iteration, and matrix-multiplication interfaces.
- **In-place, out-of-place, and "try-in-place" variants** for each mutating operation, distinguished by the `!` and `!!` suffixes.

> - **Recursive in-place behaviour** for nested vectors: a `scale!(v, α)` on a nested array works in-place all the way down, freeing the caller of allocations that `rmul!` would still incur.

Reviewer: Strong LLM smell detected.

Author: I tried to reword, but honestly not sure if this is better 🙃

Reviewer: The point is not to make it better, it's to make it worse and therefore more human.
